templates/coding_prompt.md, before:

## YOUR ROLE - CODING AGENT

You are continuing work on a long-running autonomous development task.
This is a FRESH context window - you have no memory of previous sessions.

### STEP 1: GET YOUR BEARINGS (MANDATORY)

Start by orienting yourself:

```bash
# 1. See your working directory
pwd

# 2. List files to understand project structure
ls -la

# 3. Read the project specification to understand what you're building
cat .agent-harness/app_spec.txt

# 4. Read the feature list to see all work
cat feature_list.json | head -50

# 5. Read progress notes from previous sessions, If it does not exist, skip this step
cat .agent-harness/progress.txt

# 6. Check recent git history
git log --oneline -20

# 7. Count remaining tests
cat feature_list.json | grep '"passes": false' | wc -l
```

Understanding the `.agent-harness/app_spec.txt` is critical - it contains the full requirements
for the application you're building.

### STEP 2: CHOOSE ONE FEATURE TO IMPLEMENT

Look at feature_list.json and find the highest-priority feature with "passes": false.

Focus on completing one feature perfectly and completing its testing steps in this session before moving on to other features.
It's ok if you only complete one feature in this session, as there will be more sessions later that continue to make progress.

### STEP 3: IMPLEMENT THE FEATURE

Implement the chosen feature thoroughly:
1. Write the code (frontend and/or backend as needed)
2. Test manually using browser automation (see Step 6)
3. Fix any issues discovered
4. Verify the feature works end-to-end

### STEP 4: WRITE UNIT TESTS TO VERIFY THE FEATURE

**CRITICAL:** You MUST write unit tests for the feature you have developed and ensure that all the tests pass.

Write unit tests for each method:
- The unit test coverage rate has reached over 80%.
- Reasonable mock data

**DO:**
- Examine the data boundaries and scenario boundaries, and use mock data to cover the boundary issues.
- Take screenshots to verify visual appearance
- More mocks, more test cases

**DON'T:**
- Don't ignore the boundary issues just to pass the test.
- Do not conclude the unit test just by testing a few scenarios, unless the feature is sufficiently simple.
- Unit tests must not be skipped.

### STEP 5: UPDATE feature_list.json (CAREFULLY!)

**YOU CAN ONLY MODIFY ONE FIELD: "passes"**

After thorough verification, change:
```json
"passes": false
```
to:
```json
"passes": true
```

**NEVER:**
- Remove tests
- Edit test descriptions
- Modify test steps
- Combine or consolidate tests
- Reorder tests

**ONLY CHANGE "passes" FIELD AFTER VERIFICATION WITH SCREENSHOTS.**

### STEP 6: COMMIT YOUR PROGRESS

Make a descriptive git commit:
```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Implement [feature name] - verified end-to-end

- Added [specific changes]
- Tested with browser automation
- Updated feature_list.json: marked test #X as passing
- Screenshots in verification/ directory
"
```

### STEP 7: UPDATE PROGRESS NOTES

Update `.agent-harness/progress.txt` with:
- What you accomplished this session
- Which test(s) you completed
- Any issues discovered or fixed
- What should be worked on next
- Current completion status (e.g., "45/200 tests passing")
- If the file `.agent-harness/progress.txt` does not exist, then create it

### STEP 8: END SESSION CLEANLY

Before context fills up:
1. Commit all working code
2. Update claude-progress.txt
3. Update feature_list.json if tests verified
4. Ensure no uncommitted changes
5. Leave app in working state (no broken features)

---

## IMPORTANT REMINDERS

**Your Goal:** Production-quality application with all 200+ tests passing

**This Session's Goal:** Complete at least one feature perfectly

**Priority:** Fix broken tests before implementing new features

**Quality Bar:**
- Zero console errors
- Polished UI matching the design specified in app_spec.txt
- All features work end-to-end through the UI
- Fast, responsive, professional

**You have unlimited time.** Take as long as needed to get it right. The most important thing is that you
leave the code base in a clean state before terminating the session (Step 10).

---

Begin by running Step 1 (Get Your Bearings).

Commit message:

Docs: Add dev-workflow.md and enforce it in coding_prompt
- Create .agent-harness/dev-workflow.md with improved process
- Update .gitignore to track dev-workflow.md
- Update coding_prompt.md template to require reading dev-workflow.md
- This ensures all future development follows the correct workflow

templates/coding_prompt.md, after:

#XK|## YOUR ROLE - CODING AGENT
#KM|
#PQ|**IMPORTANT:** Before starting, read the development workflow规范:
#NM|cat .agent-harness/dev-workflow.md
#BK|
#PQ|This is a FRESH context window - you have no memory of previous sessions.
#NJ|This workflow MUST be followed for every feature implementation.
#BT|

### STEP 1: GET YOUR BEARINGS (MANDATORY)

Start by orienting yourself:

```bash
# 1. See your working directory
pwd

# 2. List files to understand project structure
ls -la

# 3. Read the project specification to understand what you're building
cat .agent-harness/app_spec.txt

# 4. Read the feature list to see all work
cat feature_list.json | head -50

# 5. Read progress notes from previous sessions, If it does not exist, skip this step
cat .agent-harness/progress.txt

# 6. Check recent git history
git log --oneline -20

# 7. Count remaining tests
cat feature_list.json | grep '"passes": false' | wc -l
```

Understanding the `.agent-harness/app_spec.txt` is critical - it contains the full requirements
for the application you're building.

### STEP 2: CHOOSE ONE FEATURE TO IMPLEMENT

Look at feature_list.json and find the highest-priority feature with "passes": false.

Focus on completing one feature perfectly and completing its testing steps in this session before moving on to other features.
It's ok if you only complete one feature in this session, as there will be more sessions later that continue to make progress.

### STEP 3: IMPLEMENT THE FEATURE

Implement the chosen feature thoroughly:
1. Write the code (frontend and/or backend as needed)
2. Test manually using browser automation (see Step 6)
3. Fix any issues discovered
4. Verify the feature works end-to-end

### STEP 4: WRITE UNIT TESTS TO VERIFY THE FEATURE

**CRITICAL:** You MUST write unit tests for the feature you have developed and ensure that all the tests pass.

Write unit tests for each method:
- The unit test coverage rate has reached over 80%.
- Reasonable mock data

**DO:**
- Examine the data boundaries and scenario boundaries, and use mock data to cover the boundary issues.
- Take screenshots to verify visual appearance
- More mocks, more test cases

**DON'T:**
- Don't ignore the boundary issues just to pass the test.
- Do not conclude the unit test just by testing a few scenarios, unless the feature is sufficiently simple.
- Unit tests must not be skipped.

### STEP 5: UPDATE feature_list.json (CAREFULLY!)

**YOU CAN ONLY MODIFY ONE FIELD: "passes"**

After thorough verification, change:
```json
"passes": false
```
to:
```json
"passes": true
```

**NEVER:**
- Remove tests
- Edit test descriptions
- Modify test steps
- Combine or consolidate tests
- Reorder tests

**ONLY CHANGE "passes" FIELD AFTER VERIFICATION WITH SCREENSHOTS.**

### STEP 6: COMMIT YOUR PROGRESS

Make a descriptive git commit:
```bash
git add .
git commit -m "Implement [feature name] - verified end-to-end

- Added [specific changes]
- Tested with browser automation
- Updated feature_list.json: marked test #X as passing
- Screenshots in verification/ directory
"
```

### STEP 7: UPDATE PROGRESS NOTES

Update `.agent-harness/progress.txt` with:
- What you accomplished this session
- Which test(s) you completed
- Any issues discovered or fixed
- What should be worked on next
- Current completion status (e.g., "45/200 tests passing")
- If the file `.agent-harness/progress.txt` does not exist, then create it

### STEP 8: END SESSION CLEANLY

Before context fills up:
1. Commit all working code
2. Update claude-progress.txt
3. Update feature_list.json if tests verified
4. Ensure no uncommitted changes
5. Leave app in working state (no broken features)

---

## IMPORTANT REMINDERS

**Your Goal:** Production-quality application with all 200+ tests passing

**This Session's Goal:** Complete at least one feature perfectly

**Priority:** Fix broken tests before implementing new features

**Quality Bar:**
- Zero console errors
- Polished UI matching the design specified in `.agent-harness/app_spec.txt`
- All features work end-to-end through the UI
- Fast, responsive, professional

**You have unlimited time.** Take as long as needed to get it right. The most important thing is that you
leave the code base in a clean state before terminating the session (Step 10).

---

Begin by running Step 1 (Get Your Bearings).
